Hey, what are you three doing?
Three of them said they were thirsty and came in to get a sip of water
You stay with them for a while
I'll go get them some water.
I hid it
I think there's something wrong with them.
Okay, okay.
Hey brother, I'm sorry.
Our room doesn't want to be photographed
It's a bit rude of you to do this without our consent.
The first time in the village is easy
Take some pictures and send them to Moments. What's the matter?
So stingy
Yo, the three of you have been waiting for a long time.
But I think these three are a bit face-to-face.
Where? Two of your friends got lost.
Come and find it
If you see it, you must tell us
Here's our card.
There are 100,000 blocks
Too bad we didn't see the key
If you see it, I will definitely ask you to receive the reward.
It seems to be fine.
There we go.
Thank you for the water. Bye. Bye.
There are others
It sounds like a girl